So the question is is on line 40?
Here, why are we concatenating left and
right?
And the answer to that question is one
of these is empty left and right, right?
So, we just need to make sure that those
results get concatenated onto the end of
results so
that we capture all those numbers,
because we know everything that's
in that's left in either left or
right is by definition gonna be
larger what's already in results,
which is why we can just freely
concatenate what's ever in there.
>> I just was wondering like what's,
like the policy for
using built in JavaScript functions?
Like cuz I seen the other problems and
stuff and
different solutions
where some use built in
JavaScript methods like
reverse shift here.
And then others trying to find
solutions that are just more basic.
Yes.
Just wondering what, in your experience,
what does that look like?
>> So I think the question is,
in particular around push and shift here.
And the question being like,
what's our policy?
What's the recommendation of when
you can use shift and push and
when should you drop
into something lower and
maybe do the direct manipulation
yourself because the, yeah,
this shift functionality could actually
be quite inefficient in terms of how,
it depends on how
the array is implemented.
In this particular case,
I just want you to learn.
So if you understand that
stuff is coming off the front,
we could have done this with counters and
said, and have two, four loops and
an ion and a jade that's moving
forward and that would have probably
been more efficient in terms of
not Jocelyn the arrays around.
That's fine.
If you wanted to do that that makes sense.
It probably will be more efficient.
In this particular case, I just want you
to learn how the algorithm works and
I'm not interested in having the absolute
most effective way of doing it.
So it depends.
Sorry, I apologize that that
is the answer yet once again.
If you are extremely
sensitive to performance,
then these are things
you have to worry about.
If you're not,
then I'd say this is more readable then
trying to keep track of two counters.
>> Okay, that makes sense.
>> Yep, good question.
>> Yeah, I tried my hand in fighting
the merge part of this thing and
I recursive styles.
Well,
>> I guess yeah, I guess you could,
instead of saying ,merge stuff goes here.
Instead of having a merge function here, I
guess that works, but I wouldn't do that.
>> That wasn't the thing like the merge
function is separate in what I did but
it's also it calls itself.
Merges it in little parts.
I think there is a reason,
is there a performance reason
to prefer an iterative
approach in merging?
>> I'd have to think about that, but
I can't see this being any clear, right?
The reason why you would wanna do this
recursively is if you made the code look
better, and like can read better.
But I don't know about you this
I find this code quite readable.
But it's obviously
a point of opinion here.
I would not make merge recursive,
I can't think of a good reason to do that.
You could, probably,
I'd have to think about it.
But I'll say this that typically
merge is not made recursive.
But to answer the online question here,
you could absolutely do this
just move this up in here.
And then this would just be sorted left.
Sorted right?
And then you would just return and
then you'd have to do the return,
concat, Yeah,
all that stuff would just end up here.
And I think this should still work.
What did I do?
I hope this needs to be sorted left.
There we go, and that works.
So, the reason why I don't,
[COUGH] excuse me.
The reason why I don't like that is
because I really liked having all this
separated into one little merge function.
One, this is now usable in other places.
Not that I think you would,
but it would be.
But more importantly, you can actually
write unit tests individually for
merge, right?
So you can actually test this one piece
of function in isolation by itself.
And that's always a good thing.
As much as possible in general,
just as a general programming rule,
one function does one thing,
as much as possible, right?
Again, remember rule number one
here is there are no rules.
So if there's, if it makes sense
to have a function do two things,
then by all means do it.
In this case,
I think it makes a lot of sense to
separate this into two separate things.